notes.md, before:

# Ideas

1. A bot that waits until about 10pm each day then sends a summary of the messages sent that day. 

2. Could also have a function where the user can interact with the bot (e.g. send a command) to get a quick summary of messages sent in the last X hour window(?)

# Implementation details
Will be built on the [python-telegram-bot API](https://docs.python-telegram-bot.org/en/stable/index.html). Will also have to use the openAI API to do the summarization. 

Can refer to the chatGPT generated information for a start. 

For the regular sending of the summary can look at [this utility](https://docs.python-telegram-bot.org/en/stable/telegram.ext.jobqueue.html) in the API. Otherwise there was another suggestion to have it [run as a CRON job](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72156750/telegram-bot-to-send-auto-message-every-n-hours-with-python-telegram-bot). Second option not ideal, since I would also like the bot to be "listening" at all times for a user interaction (per idea #2). Will need to check with Rishabh how that might work when / if it reaches that stage. 

[Article](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/python-telegram-bot-with-scheduled-tasks-932edd61c534)

Commit message:

Trialing of prompting to openAI
Trial of the summarization piece. Took an excerpt from a group chat (raw data
not included in the repo) for privacy reasons. Trial done in notebook. Works
reasonably well. Now need to formalize it in the script.

Also updated notes.md and started the creation of the Prompter class.

notes.md, after:

# Introduction

The goal of this project is to create a telegram bot that can summarize group chat messages on command. 

A user would be able to specify that they'd like a quick summary of messages from the last X hours, the bot would do its thing and return a short passage about the main topics being discussed. This was to be a simple solution to the problem of opening up a group chat and seeing 200 undread messages. 

# Workflow
The devised workflow would be as such:

1. Application (either a proper telegram account / telegram bot) is added to the group chat. 
2. A user tags the application and asks it to summarize the group chat messages from the last X hours. 
3. The application obtains all the group chat messages from that time period, and uses the openAI API to produce a short summary. 
4. That summary is sent to the group chat via the same application account. 

# Bot approach
Originally I thought this could be done using a conventional [telegram bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api). However telegram bots have a critical limitation: They cannot access historical chat messages in a chat group. 

The only way I can think of to make it work would be if the bot recorded each message in the group as they came in & stored them in some database. Then when the user request was made to summarize, it could access those stored messages. 

# Separate Account Apparoach
Fortunately there is an alternative. A conventional telegram user account has the permissions to access historical group chat messages. The API allows for programatic access to essentially all functionality that is available to a user via the app. 

The [telethon](https://docs.telethon.dev/en/stable/index.html) package in python provides an excellent way to interface with the Telegram API in python.
